What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Not much, but it does allow the user to start sabing commits. You need to do this in order start using git!


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is not solidified in the directory, and is not yet a part of the repository in git.
It's benefit lies in preparing the repository from files in the working directory.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can use "git diff" to compare the files in the staging area and the working directory to confirm what changes are to be committed, and "git diff -- staged" to make sure the new commit has a logical change in comparison to the latest commit.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches help keep history organized because they let the developer "branch out" into new ideas that seperate from each other.
In addition, it allows the "master" branch to remain unchanged and easily accesible while new brances are developed and tested.
Also: The master branch should always work, should showcase the file being worked on. "Offshoots" can be where new work is being developed.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams are a visualization of the branch structure. Thanks to Sarah and Caroline for the help!


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The two branches become one branch, which is how they are represented on the diagram.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The automatic merge can do things quickly, but doesn't have the cabability to determine which of the two files in the merge should be kept in the event of a conflict.
On the other hand, merges done manually can take a very long time. The automatic merge can at least pinpoint the conflict and bring it up to the developer's attention.